The fifth one, who resembles Lord Fugan,
has been killed in the school.
What?
The fifth one, who resembles Lord Fugan,
is the one with the most beautiful memories.
I think that even the country of Hidaka Kuba is the same.
If you are a little bit too much,
you will be a little suspicious.
You are the one who is the most beautiful.
You are the most beautiful.
Go away, you!
I will take this sword and reach the mountain.
Go away!
Even if you are close to the mountain,
you will not be able to fly.
Come here!
The one who has no head,
who has no head,
everyone will be able to fly.
The one who is drawn on the mountain,
even if you are close to the mountain,
you will not be afraid.
You will be able to see.
If you still doubt this,
I will leave that sword to you.
You will be able to see.
I will kill you.
Please do not hesitate.
The one who has no head,
who has no head,